Intro to Web Design:  
Ask yourself: If you would use this website, how much would you pay for the service/product on this website?

Color Theory: 
Moods of the color: 
Red: love, energy, intensity 
Yellow: joy, intellect and attention grabbing (logo/headline, but not something that is supposed to be looked at for a long time)
Green: freshness, safety, growth (food?)
Blue: stability, trust, serenity (financial companies, blue also perceived to be more trustworthy)
Purple: royalty, wealth, femininity

Color: what message am i trying to convey to the user

Combining colors: 
Right next to each other on color wheel (analogous color): good for body of webside but does not stand out
Opposite on the color wheel (complementary color): good for something to pop out; do not try to style text and text background
Triadic, square, etc (https://color.adobe.com/) (https://colorhunt.co/)


Typography: 
Serif (little feet at central beams, inspired by stone carving): more serious, authoritive, older, stable, respectable
subfamilies like: old style, transitional, modern (the more difference the thickest and thinnest part has, the more modern it is)

San-serifs: friendly, novel, straightforward, readable
Humanist vs Grotesque: humanist is more legible

2 fonts in one design: clean and tight
similar moods and time era; but you can contrast serifness and weights 


Manage attention with effective UI design
1. Hierarchy: Color (contrast with background for high hierarchy); Size (bigger has higher hierarchy)
2. Layout: Length (40-60 char per line); 
3. Alignment: reduce the number of alignments
4. White Space: think about the luxurious handbag placement vs a store that is all mushed tgt
5. Audience: the design choice mentioned above should be made based on what would appeal to your audience and what are you trying to convey to them; (be flexible)

UX Design
1. Simplicity: 
2. Consistency: functionality (eg. Nav bar)
3. Reading Patterns: F pattern, Z pattern (maybe more sparse or video content) 
4. All Platform Design: responsivesness on all devices
5. Don't use your power for evil: dark patterns

To Practice: https://www.dailyui.co/
For inspiration: https://collectui.com/                      
